Add file upload/download documentation to readme (#909)
graphql-dotnet/server: README.md

As would be expected, subscription requests are only allowed over WebSocket channels.

### File uploading/downloading

A common question is how to upload or download files attached to GraphQL data.
For instance, storing and retrieving photographs attached to product data.

> One common technique is to encode the data as base-64 and transmitting as a custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One common technique is to encode the data as Base64 and transmitting as a custom
```

GraphQL scalar (encoded as a string value within the JSON transport).
This may not be ideal, but works well for smaller files.  It can also couple with

> response compression (details listed above) to reduce the impact of the base-64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
response compression (details listed above) to reduce the impact of the Base64
```

encoding.

Another technique is to get or store the data out-of-band.  For responses, this can
be as simple as a Uri pointing to a location to retrieve the data, especially if
the data are photographs used in a SPA client application.  This may have additional

> security complications, espeically when used with JWT bearer authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
security complications, especially when used with JWT bearer authentication.
```

This answer often works well for GraphQL queries, but may not be desired during
uploads (mutations).

An option for uploading is to upload file data alongside a mutation with the `multipart/form-data`
content type.  Please see [Issue 307](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/issues/307) and

> [FileUploadTests.cs](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/blob/develop/tests/Transports.AspNetCore.Tests/Middleware/FileUploadTests.cs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[FileUploadTests.cs](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/blob/master/tests/Transports.AspNetCore.Tests/Middleware/FileUploadTests.cs)
```
